README.md, before:

# Karyon Access Log Interceptor Module

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/scm-spain/karyon2-accesslog.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/scm-spain/karyon2-accesslog)

This module add an Interceptor to [Karyon](https://github.com/Netflix/karyon) so that log all requests.
 
## How to use

First of all, add to your **build.gradle** the dependency:
```
dependencies {
  ...
  compile 'com.scmspain:karyon2-accesslog:0.1.0'
}
```

Then include **AccessLogModule** in your AppServer as follows:

```java
...
@Modules(
    include = {
        ...
        AccessLogModule.class
    })
public interface AppServer {
  ...
}
```

And finally intercept all urls:

```java
@Override
protected void configureServer() {
  ...
  interceptorSupport().forUri("/*").intercept(AccessLogInterceptor.class);
}
```

### Log Formatter
By default **CombinedApacheLog** format is bind, but you can override this in your module as follows:

```java
@Override
protected void configure() {
  ...
  binder.bind(AccessLogFormatter.class).to(JsonLog.class);
}
```

#### Available formatter classes:
* **JsonLog** print the Access log as a Json.
* **CommonApacheLog** print a default Apache Access log.
* **CombinedApacheLog** print a Combined Apache Access log (common plus referrer and user agent).

Commit message:

Typo fix in add dependency gradle example, missing "karyon" in group_id Added Maven Central badge

README.md, after:

# Karyon Access Log Interceptor Module

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/scm-spain/karyon2-accesslog.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/scm-spain/karyon2-accesslog)

[![Maven Central](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/com.scmspain.karyon/karyon2-accesslog/badge.svg)](https://maven-badges.herokuapp.com/maven-central/com.scmspain.karyon/karyon2-accesslog)

This module add an Interceptor to [Karyon](https://github.com/Netflix/karyon) so that log all requests.
 
## How to use

First of all, add to your **build.gradle** the dependency as usually do, for example:
```
dependencies {
  ...
  compile 'com.scmspain.karyon:karyon2-accesslog:x.x.x'
}
```
Remember to check the maven central badge to get the latest version.


Then include **AccessLogModule** in your AppServer as follows:

```java
...
@Modules(
    include = {
        ...
        AccessLogModule.class
    })
public interface AppServer {
  ...
}
```

And finally intercept all urls:

```java
@Override
protected void configureServer() {
  ...
  interceptorSupport().forUri("/*").intercept(AccessLogInterceptor.class);
}
```

### Log Formatter
By default **CombinedApacheLog** format is bind, but you can override this in your module as follows:

```java
@Override
protected void configure() {
  ...
  binder.bind(AccessLogFormatter.class).to(JsonLog.class);
}
```

#### Available formatter classes:
* **JsonLog** print the Access log as a Json.
* **CommonApacheLog** print a default Apache Access log.
* **CombinedApacheLog** print a Combined Apache Access log (common plus referrer and user agent).
